Manuscript cases for 79.0 (#360)
highfidelity/hifi-docs-grav-content: 05.host/06.stream-domain/01.sync-videos-present/docs.md

---

> title: Syncing Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Tutorial: Syncing Services
```

Author: Done

taxonomy:
    category: docs
---

> You can use [web entities]() in High Fidelity to watch videos and presentations simultaneously with other people. 

Author: Done.

**On This Page:**

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Watch Synced Videos](#watch-synced-videos)
- [Watch Synced Presentations](#watch-synced-presentations)

## Prerequisites

Consider getting familiar with the following concepts before starting this tutorial:

- [Create New Entities](../../../create/entities/create-entities)
- [Change How Entities Look](../../../create/entities/entity-appearance)

> We're using the following external software solutions in this tutorial. These are recommendations. You can use options of your choice. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will use the following external software solutions in this tutorial. Note that these are recommendations, and if you prefer, you can use other tools of your choice. 
```

Author: Done

+ [Sync Video](http://sync-video.com/)
+ [Slides](https://slides.com/)

## Watch Synced Videos

To watch synced videos in High Fidelity, you will need to:

1. [Set Up a Room in Sync Video](#set-up-room-in-sync-video)
2. [Start Streaming Using a Web Entity](#start-streaming-using-a-web-entity)

### Set Up a Room in Sync Video

> 1. Go to <http://sync-video.com/> and click "Create new room"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to <http://sync-video.com/> and click "Create new room".
```

Author: Done

2. You will be redirected to a page where you can add a link for a video (YouTube or Vimeo only).
3. Copy the URL of the webpage. This is the link you will need to share with other users.
4. Press 'Play'.

### Start Streaming Using a Web Entity

1. In Interface, pull up your HUD or tablet and click **Create**.

> 2. Add a web entity by clicking "Web" and changing the 'Source' to the copied Sync Video URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a web entity by clicking the 'WEB' icon. 
3. In the Properties tab,  enter the URL for the Sync Video (above) in the Source field. 
```

Author: Done

> 3. Exit **Create** mode and click 'Join' on the popup in the web entity to watch the video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Close the Create Tools. 
4. On the web entity, click 'Join' to watch the video. 
```

Author: Done

You will be watching the video simultaneously with the video being played in Sync Video.

## Watch Synced Presentations

To watch synced presentations in High Fidelity, you will need to:

1. [Create a Presentation in Slides](#create-a-presentation-in-slides)
2. [Start Streaming Using a Web Entity](#start-streaming-using-a-web-entity)

### Create a Presentation in Slides

1. Go to <https://slides.com/>, sign up and create your presentation.
2. Once you're done creating your presentation, click 'Present'.
3. In the window that opens, copy the URL under the "Present Live" section on the left.   

### Start Streaming Using a Web Entity

1. In Interface, pull up your HUD or tablet and click **Create**.

> 2. Add a web entity by clicking "Web" and changing the 'Source' to the copied Slides Present Live link.

Reviewer: Same edits as above.

Author: Done
